
h1. Project Description

The following list provides a high level overview of the files/folders found in this project directory:
* @NetBeansProject@ - The NetBeans project for the program.
* @References@ - Contains local copies of the materials listed in my @References@ section.
* @Permutation_Algorithm.pdf@ - My notes for the algorithm used in the program.
* @Test_Results.txt@ - The output of the @WordSmith_Tests@ script.
* @WordSmith_Problem_Statement.pdf@ - The problem statement for the program.
* @WordSmith_Tests@ - A BASH script that runs several tests against the program.

h1. Algorithm Description

The following is a high-level description of the algorithm, not including the validation checks:

# Alphabetically sort the word.
# Calculate the alphabetical value of each different letter in the word.
# Calculate the number of times a letter occurs in the word.
# Find the summation of @(n/d)*p@ for each letter in the word.
# Add 1 to the summation.

Where:
* @n@ = the number of remaining letters the current letter is alphabetically greater than
* @d@ = the product of the factorial of each letter's occurrence
* @p@ = the factorial of the number of remaining letters in the word

h1. References

# A "tutorial":http://home.avvanta.com/~math/permutations2.html on permutations.
# A permutation "example":http://mathforum.org/library/drmath/view/63330.html using the word @FOCUS@.
# An "example":https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n0N3lO3ZI8A demonstrating the algorithm used to solve the rank of a word.
